How would you introduce me to your family and friends?
As my...
What?
Life.
Why do I sense a bit of uncertainty there?
Yeah, well, as my wife.
Well, that's music to my ears.
I want to hear more.
Well, you didn't see us a moment, so...
I guess you have to wait till tomorrow.
I'll be your plus one.
Mr. Lowe?
Yes, you must be the architect.
You're a lot younger than I expected.
Uh, well, here's my card.
Molly Johnson, that name rings a bell.
Well, your surname rings a bell too.
Care to share how?
Not many good memories, but I do believe you're nothing like the Lowe I know.
Why does he have the same last name as Connor and I've never heard of him?
Is there a connection between him and Connor?
Well, it is a common name.
Well, Mr. Lowe, would you like to share some of your ideas for the villa before we take a tour?
Sure.
I want a classical vibe, but I also want a gym movie theater basketball court
indoor swimming pool to start with.
Okay, well, why don't we walk around and then I can make you some sketches?
Okay.